fix wandb property name (#12604)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Raise an error if there are insufficient training batches when using a float value of `limit_train_batches` ([#12885](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12885))

> - The `WandbLogger` will now use the run name in the logs folder if it is provided, and otherwise the project name  ([#12157](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/12157))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `WandbLogger` will now use the run name in the logs folder if it is provided, and otherwise the project name ([#12157](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/12157))
```

- Changed `pytorch_lightning.core.lightning` to `pytorch_lightning.core.module` ([#12740](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12740))

> - The `WandbLogger` will now use the run name in the logs folder if it is provided, and otherwise the project name  ([#12157](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/12157))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `WandbLogger` will now use the run name in the logs folder if it is provided, and otherwise the project name  ([#12604](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12604))
```

- Don't raise a warning when `nn.Module` is not saved under hparams ([#12669](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12669))
- Raise `MisconfigurationException` when the accelerator is available but the user passes invalid `([]/0/"0")` values to the `devices` flag ([#12708](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12708))
- Support `auto_select_gpus` with the accelerator and devices API ([#12608](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/12608))

> - Fix the `name` property of `WandbLogger` ([#12157](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/12157))

Author: Done, please check it.
